scribble-enhanced

Parts of this software were initially written as part of a project at
Cortus, S.A.S. which can be reached at:
    Cortus S.A.S., 97 Rue de Freyr, 34000 Montpellier, France.

This software is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL).

This license has been chosen in order to make it possible to integrate
the type-expander library with Typed/Racket
(https://github.com/racket/typed-racket) and/or Racket
(https://github.com/racket/racket), which are both under the LGPL license.

The original repository from which this package has been extracted
(https://github.com/jsmaniac/phc, see the
fork-from-github-jsmaniac-phc tag) was under a double license (LGPL
and BSD). This choice was made to allow integrating code with Racket
(LGPL) and Typed/Racket (LGPL) as well as with the Nanopass Compiler
Framework (BSD, https://github.com/akeep/nanopass-framework). The BSD
license has been dropped for this package (scribble-enhanced) because
it now contains modified code from the scribble library
(https://github.com/racket/scribble/), which is licensed under the
LGPL license.

----

This package is distributed under the GNU Lesser General Public
License (LGPL).  This means that you can link scribble-enhanced into proprietary
applications, provided you follow the rules stated in the LGPL.  You
can also modify this package; if you distribute a modified version,
you must distribute it under the terms of the LGPL, which in
particular means that you must release the source code for the
modified software.  See http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/lesser.html
for more information.
